README.md, before:

# Baseboxes

This repository holds our [veewee](https://github.com/jedi4ever/veewee) definition
for various base boxes to setup our development machines with vagrant.

## Downloads for Virtualbox

- [CentOS 6.5 64bit](http://vagrant.webhippie.de/centos-6.5-amd64.box)
- [CentOS 6.5 32bit](http://vagrant.webhippie.de/centos-6.5-i386.box)

- [Debian 7.3 64bit](http://vagrant.webhippie.de/debian-7.3-amd64.box)
- [Debian 7.3 32bit](http://vagrant.webhippie.de/debian-7.3-i386.box)
- [Debian 7.4 64bit](http://vagrant.webhippie.de/debian-7.4-amd64.box)
- [Debian 7.4 32bit](http://vagrant.webhippie.de/debian-7.4-i386.box)

- [openSUSE 13.1 64bit](http://vagrant.webhippie.de/opensuse-13.1-amd64.box)
- [openSUSE 13.1 32bit](http://vagrant.webhippie.de/opensuse-13.1-i386.box)

- [Ubuntu 12.04 64bit](http://vagrant.webhippie.de/ubuntu-12.04-amd64.box)
- [Ubuntu 12.04 32bit](http://vagrant.webhippie.de/ubuntu-12.04-i386.box)
- [Ubuntu 13.10 64bit](http://vagrant.webhippie.de/ubuntu-13.10-amd64.box)
- [Ubuntu 13.10 32bit](http://vagrant.webhippie.de/ubuntu-13.10-i386.box)
- [Ubuntu 14.04 64bit](http://vagrant.webhippie.de/ubuntu-14.04-amd64.box)
- [Ubuntu 14.04 32bit](http://vagrant.webhippie.de/ubuntu-14.04-i386.box)

## Credits

Copyright (c) 2014 Thomas Boerger <http://www.webhippie.de>

Commit message:

Added note for webdev on the readme

README.md, after:

# Baseboxes

This repository holds our [veewee](https://github.com/jedi4ever/veewee) definition
for various base boxes to setup our development machines with vagrant. These boxes 
are pretty minimalistic, if you are searching for a fullstack web development box 
take a look at our [webdev](https://github.com/webhippie/webdev) boxes.

## Downloads

- [CentOS 6.5 64bit](http://vagrant.webhippie.de/centos-6.5-amd64.box)
- [CentOS 6.5 32bit](http://vagrant.webhippie.de/centos-6.5-i386.box)

- [Debian 7.3 64bit](http://vagrant.webhippie.de/debian-7.3-amd64.box)
- [Debian 7.3 32bit](http://vagrant.webhippie.de/debian-7.3-i386.box)
- [Debian 7.4 64bit](http://vagrant.webhippie.de/debian-7.4-amd64.box)
- [Debian 7.4 32bit](http://vagrant.webhippie.de/debian-7.4-i386.box)

- [openSUSE 13.1 64bit](http://vagrant.webhippie.de/opensuse-13.1-amd64.box)
- [openSUSE 13.1 32bit](http://vagrant.webhippie.de/opensuse-13.1-i386.box)

- [Ubuntu 12.04 64bit](http://vagrant.webhippie.de/ubuntu-12.04-amd64.box)
- [Ubuntu 12.04 32bit](http://vagrant.webhippie.de/ubuntu-12.04-i386.box)
- [Ubuntu 13.10 64bit](http://vagrant.webhippie.de/ubuntu-13.10-amd64.box)
- [Ubuntu 13.10 32bit](http://vagrant.webhippie.de/ubuntu-13.10-i386.box)
- [Ubuntu 14.04 64bit](http://vagrant.webhippie.de/ubuntu-14.04-amd64.box)
- [Ubuntu 14.04 32bit](http://vagrant.webhippie.de/ubuntu-14.04-i386.box)

## Credits

Copyright (c) 2014 Thomas Boerger <http://www.webhippie.de>
